OSDOCS-16873-2: CQA CQA 2.0 for SCALE-3 Low-Latency/CNF Provisioning (#107038)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/restricting-cnf-cpu-infra-container.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/cnf-low-latency-tuning.adoc
// * scalability_and_performance/low_latency_tuning/cnf-tuning-low-latency-nodes-with-perf-profile.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="restricting-cnf-cpu-infra-container_{context}"]
= Restricting CPUs for infra and application containers

[role="_abstract"]
To ensure optimal cluster stability and performance, restrict CPUs for infrastructure and application containers. This configuration isolates workloads to specific CPU sets, preventing resource contention between critical system components and user applications.

.Procedure

. Create a performance profile appropriate for the environment's hardware and topology.

> . Add the `reserved` and `isolated` parameters with the CPUs you want reserved and isolated for the infra and application containers:

Reviewer: Same thing here. These aren't two steps. 

```suggestion
. Create a performance profile appropriate for the environment's hardware and topology.
+
The following example adds the `reserved` and `isolated` parameters with the CPUs you want reserved and isolated for the infra and application containers:
```
